# Your-not-alone
 Creater here, My name is Ramon
I am 33 a father of 3, my idea comes from a life of expereince. growing up in poverty a trouble youth, gang member high school drop out 2 time 
felon drug addict mentally ill ( i can go on) i know first hand how hard it is to find help i want to close the gap give relief to those in need  in need. years ago the goverment created a life line program whitch gave people free house phone whitch later became cellphones now that progam incooperates data not much 1 gb a mouth. how do i know because thats the phone i have also know as an obama phone. i get one gb a month the phone offers me 2.7gbs of space for apps which isnt much.ill be doing all my communication form the local library for i have no internet access at home. inapp to help struggling american find local help in there communitys. A local community resource app to help people stuggling to find it. it will have a guide from A to Z in reference sense. anyone can give input. my goal is to provide local information and resource to those in need. it will provide help by area code. i have no background in developement i do have a foot in  community work. my only background is being the person searching for help being an addict, homeless, mentally ill a felon trying to rejoin society and just looking for help not knowing where to start. eager ready hoping to find it but losing hope when day on end couldnt find it. after years and dead ends i am now trying to help others in crisis find releif by making an informational app. ofr thats the idea. i bring the same ambition but my new struggle is development and making my end game possible. 
im my app i want people to be able to add there input. for example refrences to churches community centers any place that offers some type of help. Homeless help, substance help, mental illness help, hunger, domestic help for women and childern, any community resource.i also want local chruches, local centers, community groups, any organization that offers resource a place to list there services. with the goverment life line program now offing data in there free cellphone program i want to offer a lite footprint easy to use app. i want to incorperate directions from access location for accessable help. read out loud opion.  i want an option for the information read to be easily downloadable and store for offine use. 
